[THEME MUSIC] >>
SEAN STONE: Welcome
to "Buzzsaw," where we
cut through the mainstream
narrative to explore
the hidden truths.
I'm your host Sean
Stone, and with me today
is Jason Quitt who is a graduate
of the Institute of Energy
Wellness, and a student
of Algonquin shamanism.
Jason has been
training and working
with many teachers, shamans,
and traditional healers
around the world.
He's also the author of
"Forbidden Knowledge,
Revelations of a Multi
Dimensional Time Traveler,"
"Egyptian Postures of Power,
Ancient Qigong System,"
and "The Yosef Codes,
Sacred Geometry Mandalas."
Today, he joins me
in this dimension
to enlighten us
on this research.
So let's start by
asking, because your book
says you're revelations of
a multi dimensional time
traveler, so if you are multi
dimensional time traveler,
what does that actually mean?
>> JASON QUITT: Well, it
means that I leave my body.
And once I'm out
of my body, there's
no such thing as time or space.
So we can jump
through timelines.
We can jump through dimensions.
And there's many
different levels
of experience in those realms.
>> SEAN: So was this
something that began since
your childhood?
Is it something even before
you were born that you recall?
I mean, where-- yeah, where
does your journey begin?
>> QUITT: Well, I actually
remember coming to Earth,
which is a very strange memory.
And I thought everybody
had that memory.
So I remember coming to
Earth, going through portals,
getting to view my
parents before I was born,
and then, suddenly, I'm here.
And I remember when I
first started to talk,
I would even tell my parents,
aren't you happy I chose you?
Because I had this very
strong memory growing up that
I came to Earth.
And as a child, I was very--
I would say opened
or psychic or gifted.
And I would often have
a visitor in my room,
which a lot of
children talk about,
which is something
in their closet.
And I would go to
sleep at night,
and I would push the
door of my closet closed,
because I was very scared
of what was in there.
And at night, this closet door
would just open by itself,
and there would be a shadow
standing in that closet.
And this shadow would
not only scare me,
but it would take me
on journeys that night.
So I would be taken
back into time.
I would see past
lives, and sometimes I
would just leave
my body by myself
and just go to the local park
and play, or sit and watch
people play baseball at night.
So I had these
abilities growing up.
But when I would
speak to my parents
and tell them what
was happening to me,
they would just tell me that
this is completely normal,
and it's just called nightmares.
So I just believed
what I was experiencing
was just nightmares,
and everybody had them.
>> SEAN: So what did you
learn about this shadow?
Because many people
have experienced
this shadow man
standing in the room.
They've experienced shadow
attacks and feeling drained.
Psychic vampirism, for example.
But what do you understand
about the nature of this shadow?
>> QUITT: From my
personal experience,
and this has taken me a very
long time to figure out,
because when it first started
to happen, you think, OK,
this is like a ghost, or
an entity, or a demon,
or an alien.
You really go to the
worst things first.
And I believed that for
a very, very long time.
But now, I look at this shadow
as an initiator, something
there to push us a little to
make us see another reality.
And it's almost like
they're testing us.
So I'm going to wake
this guy up at night.
I'm going to shake
him up a little,
and let's see how he reacts.
Is he going to
react out of fear?
react out of love?
Well, how is he going to
react to this situation?
And over-- I'll say it was
scary the first 500 times.
First 500 times, I'm
fighting back, obviously.
I don't like this feeling.
But after about 500 times
of this happening to me,
you get annoyed.
And when you start
getting annoyed,
it doesn't have
that impact anymore.
It's almost like they
come to visit you,
and you say, oh, it's you again.
What do you want?
And then you realize that it's
your fear that you're feeling.
It's something
that's inside of you.
And once you get
rid of that fear,
suddenly this whole other
world opens up to you.
>> SEAN: In terms
of your journeys,
what types of other dimensions
have you seen, and off world?
Is it like, how you say,
in terms of other planets
or other parts of
the universe, you
would say this is multi
dimensional travel.
But do you believe that you have
actually been to other planets?
>> QUITT: I have been to other
planets, other dimensions,
other timelines,
and parallel Earths.
OK.
Those are all part of
my experience range.
And I would say it started to
happen to me quite drastically
when I was in my early 20s.
And what would happen was, is
I would be sleeping at night,
and I would actually be
forcefully pulled out
of my body.
So just imagine you're laying
in bed having a normal dream,
and then suddenly
you feel something
reach inside your body and
yank you out of that dream.
And now you're floating
above yourself in your bed.
And so those
original experiences,
I never asked for,
I never prayed,
I never meditated for, they
just started happening.
So once I got yanked
out of my body--
And this being, it looked like a
humanoid, but it was invisible.
You know that effect
from "Predator,"
where it's like you could
make out their form,
but you can't see them.
They almost look invisible.
That's what these
beings looked like.
And they would just rip me out
of my body, quite violently.
And then I'd be shot
up into outer space.
So I'd experience that, kind of
like the Google Earth effect,
where you go right
out into outer space,
and I can view the planets.
And then suddenly,
they would direct me
to another point on the planet.
And they'd shoot me
right back to that point.
And they would drop me off
in this new environment.
And I'm just kind of standing
in this new environment,
and I realize it's not
a place I recognize.
So that's where I
realized that, OK, this
is not only astral travel, but
this is astral time travel.
I'm being placed in a
different timeline of Earth.
And the original things
that they would show me
was very traumatic,
very horrific,
almost like end of the
world type scenarios.
And they would drop
me there to witness
whatever I was witnessing.
And once I got the feel
of it and the experience,
they would come pick me back up.
I get shot back
into outer space,
and then shot back
down into my body.
And I'd wake up,
white as a ghost,
basically, because they were
quite traumatic events for me.
>> SEAN: But do you have an
understanding of why, why you,
why you were chosen for this,
and these visions and messages?
>> QUITT: I think
there's a couple reasons.
One, I think I've done
this in many past lives.
It's something that
I'm used to doing.
It's something that I'm
used to the feel of.
Also, I think it's
because I passed
those tests with those shadows.
Seeing how I would react
to all these situations
was actually leading up to
this really traumatic thing.
Because if I didn't
have that lead up,
I would probably go
into a mental asylum
very quickly, because
the things I saw,
it's almost like a soldier
going into a battle.
You see things that
no one should see.
>> SEAN: But for what purpose?
They were trying to
show you the future
or trying to show you part
of man's kind destiny?
What is the purpose of all this?
>> QUITT: I think
it's a warning.
I think it's-- I don't believe
that that's our actual future.
What I really do
believe is that that
is a path that we could walk.
It's a very likely timeline.
And I got the sense
that in a parallel Earth
that has already happened.
It has already occurred,
and we are actually
on a different timeline
that avoided those wars.
So I was actually
being shown things that
have actually occurred already.
>> SEAN: Do you have a certain
sense of the intervention
of these various beings, these
various aliens in terms of how
much they are intervening in
human affairs and basically
influencing our lives, even
if we don't realize it?
>> QUITT: They're
absolutely intervening,
and in a positive way.
But it's almost like we have to
take responsibility with them.
So it's almost like they
can show someone like myself
or awaken someone like myself.
They can show us other
worlds, other dimensions,
spiritual knowledge,
and techniques.
But we have to take
that responsibility
and then use it ourselves.
So when they would guide me
and teach me, I listened 100%.
And I use whatever
they taught me.
And it's bettered my life.
And I've spoken publicly
about the information that
was given to me, and
that's helped other people.
So it's almost like they're
giving a carrot to some people
and seeing if they take a bite.
And if they do, then you
get this great knowledge
that comes into the world.
And I think that they choose
specific people to do this,
because they know that their
life path or the people
that they're connected
to, that message
could reach a very
large amount of people
and help a lot of people.
>> SEAN: But you talk about
being taken out of your body
and the use of portals, this
is almost more in the magical
realm.
And yet, we have a lot of
sightings of UFO craft,
physical craft, technology.
Why do certain aliens need
physical manifestation craft,
and others seem to use more
natural magic, portals,
things like this?
>> QUITT: Well, I'll tell you
that I have never physically
seen an alien, ever.
It's never happened to me.
But I've seen physical craft.
I've seen craft that I
would consider living,
alive, or dimensional,
because I've seen them
pop in and out of existence.
The most amazing thing that
I find about my experiences
is that I can sense
and feel that something
is in the room with me.
But I can't see them
with my physical eyes.
But I have the ability
to leave my body,
so once I look out of my
body, suddenly those beings
are standing in this room, and
I can see them clear as day.
So from my understanding,
those beings,
like I've seen what
people refer to as
the Greys, or the
reptilians, or insectoids,
or a whole list of
characters, I only
saw them once I left my body.
So for me, they were
never a physical being.
For me, they were a
dimensional being.
>> SEAN: And of those beings,
you talk about reptoids,
and the mantids, and the Greys.
Did you find that
they are nefarious,
as many people claim?
>> QUITT: I've had
both experiences.
I've had experiences
which were terrible,
and I've had experiences
which were very positive.
So I really have come
to the conclusion
that you have to
treat every alien--
or I want to say, alien--
every being the same
as you would treat a human.
You have to treat
them with respect
and honor right off the bat.
You don't show fear.
You don't-- you
just stay very calm.
Because there are some that are
very beneficial to you, which
are great teachers, and there
are some that, like you say,
want to take your energy and
use you and manipulate you,
which happens a lot in
the lower astral realms.
And I feel right now
in this industry,
right now in this
time, many people
are being taken by
these manipulations.
>> SEAN: Speaking
of manipulations,
there's an interesting
character to discuss,
which is John Titor part two,
>> QUITT: Yeah.
>> SEAN: The Second.
You co wrote this book
"Disclosed" about his story.
And obviously the first John
Titor, he's considered a fraud.
He appeared in 2000,
around 2000, 2001
on these online internet blogs.
And it was an interesting,
compelling story
of a future time traveler
who was sent to the past.
And he's basically
trying to warn people
about coming world wars
and global conflicts
and destruction.
And then this John Titor the
Second appears, and I think
you now consider him a fraud.
But what made you at first
believe him and then come
to the realization that he
wasn't what he said he was?
>> QUITT: Well, just like
most people that have a really
amazing story, they're
very charismatic.
They're very nice.
They have quite a story.
When I first spoke
to John the Second,
his story was very believable.
He started to relive war
stories that were in the future
and in the past.
And it was things I've
never heard before.
And it was completely different.
It was a completely different
story than the original John
Titor.
So I said, you know what, talk
to my friend Bob Mitchell.
He's a writer.
And they spoke, and
they decided they
were going to write the book.
And my role was to--
I'm a very good
graphic designer,
and I put all the
pieces together.
So we all worked together
to put this work together.
But within four months of
the book being released,
his true identity got
leaked to a radio show.
And then it went all
over the internet,
and he was basically
blacklisted from all the shows.
He's still out there.
He's still claiming he's
John Titor the Second.
But we have found evidence
of his true identity
and a very lengthy criminal
history that goes completely
counter to what he claims.
So I would consider what
he wrote fraudulent.
Even though there's lots
of truth in that book,
we don't know what
sources he took that from.
And I'm actually currently
working with Special Agent John
DeSouza from the FBI.
I'm not sure if
you've heard of him.
He's wrote-- he's written
a couple compelling books
in this subject matter.
And we're working together now
with the FBI and FBI attorneys
to look into this
character, because there's
a lot of stuff he's doing in
the background that is not
good for anybody,
so-- >> SEAN: What's
with this name, John Titor?
Why would he take
John Titor the Second?
Didn't that tip
you off in a sense
that maybe there was something
wrong, if the first John
Titor was a fake?
>> QUITT: Yeah, well, you
know it's very interesting,
because the original John Titor
always claimed that his name
wasn't John Titor.
He was just using that as
an alias to protect himself.
But John Titor the Second
claims that John Titor
is his real name.
So that's a real
tipoff right there.
And before I came
to see you, I'm
thinking last
night in the hotel,
what is this name John Titor?
And then I remembered this
character from the 60s.
His name is George Van Tassel.
And he has an amazing
story, a contact story where
a ship lands in his airfield
in the middle of the night
and there's four beings,
which are humanoids,
and they're humans.
They invite him on the ship.
And they tell him that they're
time travelers from the future.
So he asks these time travelers,
how does time travel work?
And he goes, well,
it's quite easy.
I'll give you the mathematical
formula for a time machine.
So I'm going to write this
down for you, because I just
figured this out last night.
So I might as well
break it on your show.
OK.
So his equation
was time, and then
equals frequency, which most
people refer to as rate,
equals 1 over time.
So this is the equation
that the time travelers
gave George in the 60s.
>> SEAN: OK.
>> QUITT: So I'm looking
at this, and I'm thinking,
what if I take these words, and
I'm just going to write it out.
So if you take these
letters, R, 1, over time.
Isn't that an anagram for Titor?
The formula for time travel.
What I'm thinking now
is the original John
Titor, the original person
that wrote the John Titor--
>> SEAN: Yeah
>> QUITT: --knew
about this story,
knew about the formula for
time travel that was given
to George.
And he took that and hid
it in the name Titor.
I don't know if I'm right.
>> SEAN: It's
interesting, though.
>> QUITT: But hey, putting
some pieces together, possibly.
>> SEAN: So when you hear claims
about other time travelers?
Particularly, I'm thinking
like Andy Basiago.
He's a very famous one.
We interviewed him
for "Conspiracy Theory
with Jesse Ventura."
And this is a physical
time travel experience.
You talk about multi
dimensional experiences.
But this is a physical
time travel experience.
Are you skeptical when you
hear stories like this?
>> QUITT: I am.
I really am skeptical about
time travelers, but in a sense,
I do believe that
it's real, right?
The thing with whistleblowers
is that if you're
a true whistleblower
coming out, you're
probably going to be
hunted down and killed.
Bottom line, that's kind of
what happens to you if you
know some really crazy stuff.
I'll just say that I raise
my eyebrow at whistleblowers
that want to take pictures with
you and sell hats and t shirts.
>> SEAN: So I have to ask
just because you're co writer
on this book, actually on
both books, Bob Mitchell.
He passed away recently.
Are you at all suspicious
about his passing?
>> QUITT: I am.
And he was into more
things than he let on to.
Because he was a very
trusted person in the media,
a lot of people gave
him classified things.
A lot of people thought that
they can share things with him.
And he went on CBS News in
June for the Alien Cosmic Expo.
And he went on there-- and this
is a very big national news
network, and basically
told them the truth
from what his
understanding of the truth
was that the US military was
under the control of some type
of alien influence.
And they control the
subject around the world.
And we don't have a
government and there's
no real democracy,
et cetera, et cetera.
And he said this across
Canada, and there
was no one there to
rebuttal his statements.
In the media, you need
balanced reporting, right?
A couple of months after
he said that, he was dead.
And the type of
cancer that he had
was pancreatic, which
is very aggressive.
But he found out.
He was just saying he
had pain in his side.
And they thought he
just had diabetes.
But when they
checked, they said,
you have pancreatic cancer.
And then a week later, he
went to another doctor,
and the doctor said, well,
you also have liver cancer.
And then a week later,
they said, well,
you also have stomach as well.
So it's almost like
this thing overtook
his body in a couple of weeks.
And I've heard this same thing
happen to other people that
got too close.
>> SEAN: Right.
So I mean, here we have,
again, the nefarious
influence of the
ET agenda, the idea
that it has to be suppressed,
it has to be kept quiet.
From your perspective,
what is it
that the ETs, or the
extradimensional beings--
let's say they're beings--
want with Earth that they
have to be so discreet and
secretive about their presence?
>> QUITT: I think that they
need a portal into the physical
world, and a human being
is basically a portal.
So they can overtake
people's minds, their bodies,
or even place their
puppets in places of power.
And they can start almost having
many people be these puppets.
So they have now their
input into this Earth.
The thing that we
don't understand
about the human experience is
that we are so powerful that we
can change realities.
They can't.
So using our intentions,
our hearts, our minds,
we can envision and
dream our future.
We can create any world we
want with our intentions.
And if they could
influence and manipulate
our minds, our
bodies, our worlds,
they could implant whatever
version of the future
they want.
And if we start to believe
that, then they win.
>> SEAN: That's a
pretty nefarious agenda.
What is the countervailing
force to that?
What is the
counterbalancing faction
to this dark agenda
that basically
wants to manipulate humans?
>> QUITT: It's to teach us that
we are those powerful beings.
See, right now, we're
kind of in a fog.
We don't know who we are.
We don't know our true power.
And we're just kind of
wandering around this planet,
not knowing what we're
going to do day to day.
And that's part of the
agenda, is to keep us like.
Give us 9:00 to 5:00 job,
all the bills, family,
and pay the government,
so we don't have time
to think about
anything, except that.
But the real truth is we're
so powerful that-- what if you
knew that the dream world was
the first step into the spirit
world, and you can
use that to travel
to other worlds,
dimensions through all
these portals and spider
webs through time and space,
and you're basically free?
If you knew you're
free, you're eternal,
and you can manifest
your own reality,
how can you be controlled?
>> SEAN: In your
experience and travels,
do you believe that the US,
or let's say beyond the US,
maybe the elite have some kind
of secret space program taking
place and that we're already
basically building ships
and working to travel
through the solar system?
>> QUITT: From the research
that I've done personally,
and this has to do
with Nikola Tesla,
we had all the answers from
the 1900s to the 1920s.
Like we had anti gravity,
time travel, free energy.
We had technology to feed the
world, to end all wars back
then.
So if that technology was
taken into the military hands,
it's not used to free us.
It's use to keep us in
that current condition.
So do they have a
secret space program?
I'm pretty sure all the
technological programs
that they have are secret,
including space travel.
Because this technology is
definitely available to them.
It's just not available to us.
>> SEAN: So let's talk
about advanced technology,
because oftentimes people
will point us into the past
to actually say, look
to things like crystals.
Why are crystals, which are
basically, as I understand,
a natural computer-- they
can hold all this information
within them-- why are
they so important?
>> QUITT: Well, if you
go back to Atlantis,
there's all these theories or
past life regressions where
they talk about that Atlantis
was powered by crystals.
And they would use the
crystals like different rubies
and sapphires and gems to
somehow take the solar energy
from the sun and transfer it
into a huge amount of power.
But today in our world, we're
using crystals for everything
as well.
All our technology is
based on silicon dioxide.
That's why we have
Silicon Valley.
I think that there
was a time in our past
where we were so
advanced that there
had to be a decision
made; continue
this technological
path and destroy
the planet and ourselves,
or go back to nature.
And I was speaking to a very
credible shaman who lives up
in the woods in Canada, who
just kind of keeps to himself,
and he was telling me a
story that his ancestors were
so advanced that
they had spaceships,
that they had technology
beyond anything we have today.
And it was decided that
it was too destructive.
And there were two
factions of people.
They chose to take the
technology off world.
So they actually
left the planet.
And then the rest
went back to nature
and lived with nature
as spiritual life.
And he said that periodically
through time, these ancestors
of the human race would come
back in their spaceships
and give their
ancestors a choice,
would you like to
come back with them,
or would you like
to go back to nature
and go back to the source?
And he said that there's many
cities on the planet that
are just deserted.
In our past, there's
all these populations
that just disappear.
And what he was telling me
is that these ancestors came,
and those cities decided
to go with those ancestors.
>> SEAN: But we are advancing
technologically on this planet.
What does that mean then?
Are we hitting this
critical juncture
where we have to decide
if we're going to go back
to a more natural orientation,
or if we're going to continue
to advance technologically?
But isn't there a balance
between the two forces
where we don't basically end
up building death stars and war
machines with our technology?
We could actually use technology
like crystals and other things
to be in actually more
harmony with nature.
>> QUITT: I believe that.
And I use crystals all the time.
And when you hold a crystal,
or use a crystal, what you're
doing is you're tapping
into this natural vibration
of the universe,
universal time vibration.
And it hooks you into
this source field energy,
so you can have access
to all these things.
It awakens different DNA.
It amplifies your
electromagnetic fields.
So right now, I'm trying to
use crystals to find myself
and to be better with myself.
But what was his name?
Marcel Vogel.
He once quoted,
saying, "If people
found the secret of
crystals or if people
knew the power of a
crystal, it would either
end the world overnight,
or save the world."
So I think we're coming
to this critical junction
where the technology
is not going
to support our environment.
We need to understand that we
have to support our environment
naturally to support ourselves.
We can use technology
to help support nature.
But right now we're
using technology
in the opposite way, which is
to destroy nature, which will,
if we don't change, it's
going to destroy us.
And I've seen some
of those futures.
And I'm telling you, you don't
want to go down that route.
>> SEAN: But it doesn't--
I mean, how do you foresee
us actually learning
the lesson in a sense?
It doesn't seem that we're
on a path of awakening
at this point, although
many people expected
we would be after 2012.
>> QUITT: The truth
is I don't know.
The truth is everybody
is an individual,
and they're going to see the
reality the way they see it.
We can only live by example
and try to get information out.
I think there will be a time
coming very soon where it
might be too late to turn back.
And then we're going to
have to use technology
in the other sense to save us.
So how can we use
technology now, or how
do we release the
hidden technology that's
been kept from us to
help save this planet?
>> SEAN: In terms of
your experiences with
the extradimensional beings, do
you not see them at any point
making their presence more felt
or known to basically help wake
up many people who
are still sleeping?
Or is the idea that
people are not awake
enough to recognize
their presence,
so they're not
going to interfere?
>> QUITT: What the
extradimensional beings want
people to understand is that
they're incarnating as human
beings.
So they're coming
here, and they're being
born very enlightened children.
And those enlightened
children, they're
the ones that are going to try
to make this shift and change,
because they are the
extradimensional beings.
>> SEAN: That's pretty
accurate, I think.
What is your plan,
as far as the work
that you're doing, in
spreading the message?
>> QUITT: You know, I think the
reason all this stuff happened
to me was so that I can
share it from a very balanced
perspective.
Because I didn't really
grow up in any religion.
I didn't really know anything
about politics or conspiracies.
I didn't know about
any of this stuff
until I started to
see it firsthand.
So I think just by
sharing and being
open about my
personal experiences
helps many others come
forward, because I've
been told that there's
actually a million plus people
just like me that are going
through the exact same process
that I've been through.
And I get emails all
the time from people
saying what happened to
you is identical to what's
happened to me.
So I know these multi
dimensional beings
have been incarnating here
since the 70s at least.
And they are positively changing
the course of our timelines.
>> SEAN: Well, it's good
to have you as a spokesman.
Many people can relate with.
And I wish you luck
in the journey.
Thank you so much for
joining me today, Jason.
>> QUITT: Thank you
so much for having me.
>> SEAN: We appreciate it.
And there you have it, folks.
Some fascinating insights
from Jason Quitt.
You may not agree with or
believe everything said here,
but I urge you to check out
his book "Forbidden Knowledge,
Revelations of a Multi
Dimensional Time Traveler."
Remember, the road to
truth is a perilous path
along the Buzzsaw's edge.
It requires constant
reassessment.
I'm your host Sean Stone.
You are the revolution.
[THEME MUSIC]